Edge Gateway L2 VPN Tunnel resource and datasource (#1121)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcd: website/docs/d/nsxt_edgegateway_l2_vpn_tunnel.html.markdown

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "VMware Cloud Director: vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_l2_vpn_tunnel"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-datasource-nsxt-edgegateway-l2-vpn-tunnel"
description: |-
  Provides a datasource to read NSX-T Edge Gateway L2 VPN Tunnel sessions and their configurations.
---

# vcd\_nsxt\_edgegateway\_l2\_vpn\_tunnel

> Supported in provider *v3.11+* and VCD *10.2+* with NSX-T

Reviewer: since provider 3.11 doesn't support VCD 10.2, we should probably say 10.4

Author: Updated

Provides a datasource to read NSX-T Edge Gateway L2 VPN Tunnel sessions and their configurations.

## Example Usage (Reading a tunnel's server session to get the peer code for the client session)

```hcl
data "vcd_org_vdc" "vdc1" {
  name = "existing-vdc"
}

data "vcd_nsxt_edgegateway" "testing" {
  org      = "myorg"
  owner_id = data.vcd_org_vdc.vdc1.id
  name     = "nsxt-edge-gateway"
}

data "vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_l2_vpn_tunnel" "server-session" {
  org             = "datacloud"

>   edge_gateway_id = data.vcd_nsxt_edgegateway.server-testing.id

Reviewer: Where is `server-testing`?

Author: Updated

  name = "server-session"
}

resource "vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_l2_vpn_tunnel" "client-session" {
  org = "datacloud"

>   # Note that this is different, as one edge gateway can only function

Reviewer: different from what?

Author: Updated

  # in SERVER or CLIENT mode.

>   edge_gateway_id = data.vcd_nsxt_edgegateway.client-testing.id

Reviewer: Where is `client-testing`?

Author: Updated

---
layout: "vcd"
page_title: "VMware Cloud Director: vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_l2_vpn_tunnel"

> sidebar_current: "docs-vcd-datasource-nsxt-edgegateway-l2-vpn-tunnel"

Reviewer 2: Adding these two new pages to `vcd.erb` is missing.

Author: True, added

description: |-

>   Provides a datasource to read NSX-T Edge Gateway L2 VPN Tunnel sessions and their configurations.

Reviewer 2: nit
```suggestion
  Provides a data source to read NSX-T Edge Gateway L2 VPN Tunnel sessions and their configurations.
```

Same a couple of lines below

Author: Fixed

---

# vcd\_nsxt\_edgegateway\_l2\_vpn\_tunnel

> Supported in provider *v3.11+* and VCD *10.4+* with NSX-T

Author: Fixed, thanks

  name     = "server-testing"
}

data "vcd_nsxt_edgegateway" "client-testing" {
  owner_id = data.vcd_org_vdc.existing.id
  name     = "client-testing"
}

data "vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_l2_vpn_tunnel" "server-session" {
  org             = "datacloud"
  edge_gateway_id = data.vcd_nsxt_edgegateway.server-testing.id

  name = "server-session"
}

resource "vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_l2_vpn_tunnel" "client-session" {
  org = "datacloud"

  # Note that this is a different edge gateway, as one edge gateway
  # can function only in SERVER or CLIENT mode
  edge_gateway_id = data.vcd_nsxt_edgegateway.client-testing.id

  session_mode = "CLIENT"
  enabled      = true

  # must be sub-allocated on the Edge Gateway
  local_endpoint_ip  = "101.22.30.3"
  remote_endpoint_ip = "1.2.2.3"

  peer_code = data.vcd_nsxt_edgegateway_l2_vpn_tunnel.server-session.peer_code
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `org` - (Optional) The name of organization to use, optional if defined at 
  provider level. Useful when connected as sysadmin working across different organisations
* `edge_gateway_id` - (Required) The ID of the edge gateway (NSX-T only). 

>   Can be looked up using `vcd_nsxt_edgegateway` datasource

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can add a link
```suggestion
  Can be looked up using [`vcd_nsxt_edgegateway`](/providers/vmware/vcd/latest/docs/data-sources/nsxt_edgegateway) data source
```

Author: Thanks, updated in resource as well
